I should too, but she's already asleep :(		        
I wasn't very kind when she wanted to go look at cats in Melbourne
it's pretty much been just happening since my progenitors parted
ways a small number of years after I was born	        
in your case I assume you're talking about your wife, and assuming
we're talking Melboourne Florida I kind of take her side (although,
cats, WTF?).  But if your conduct wasn't up to your standards just
man up and apologize in the morning, you lose nothing except maybe
a little pride, and you'll set yourself above most people.

humility is something to be proud of, I guess.	        
with my dad it's a little different			        
oh, I thought you mean with your girlfriend		        
it's hard to "make up" with parents, because they have this authority
thing							        
you aren't peers, and that's different than most relationships
yes, I did mean my wife					        
Melbourne is like an hour from here though
seems far just to look
I don't know
when's the last time you took a road trip?		        
we drove to Titusville for dinner last Sunday		        
got 45 MPG!						        
a little road trip might be alright			        
45MPG!?						        
in the civic(?)?
don't doubt it, my 05 got 42 once			        
StrmSrfr: I think I'm gonna make my farm in my building and make sort
of an oasis
in the civic, yep					        
yeah, I meant my father, I think it's significant that I didn't
choose my father, and I've probably spent less time with him than
you have with your wife, and if he was some guy on the street I
probably wouldn't be friends with him, but he's still my dad, you
know?  As far as that particular ex-girlfriend goes, I don't think
I ever really loved her, and she wanted to get back with me, but
I'd just been left by someone I definitely did	        
love, and I declined, and maybe it was a mistake, but last I heard
she was happpy with some other guy, so I wouldn't want to mess that
up.
I know what you mean about your dad			        
he would probably be happy to try to reconnect, he's might be feeling
the same thing						        
hah, maybe, given that we seem to be similar; he's also 3000 miles
away though, and if I called him on the phone and he picked up I
don't even know if I'd know if it was him		        
anyway, I'm going to sleep atm			        
later StrmSrfr
later						        
oh man oh man! http://i.imgur.com/7fr6r.png		        
google maps quest mode
thats awesome!						        
!							        
"Your system may not meet the minumum requirements for 8-bit
computations."					        
it's beautiful
a little early					        
oh man, the street view				        
yous guys							        
quest mode is awesome :D					        
fox is alive!						        
I am! What's happenin?
it's been happenin?
Touche, WAFFLE.						        
about to go to robbs's to work on a super secret project
lol
Well, before you go:
I totally just got a new macbook pro :D
pics?
or it didn't happen?
I'll tweet one.						        
enjoy your project!
enjory your mbp						        
Oh, it will be enjoryed.
fox: nice! what are the specs?			        
ugh I keep spawning on top of my house instead of in it      
It's a 2.2 GHz quad core i7; 4gb of ram (which I'm going to upgrade from
newegg), a 500gb hard drive (also will be newegged in the near future),
and an ati 6750m graphics card. Oh, 15" display.		        
nice
no SSD for you?
not from apple.						        
Again, I'll newegg one.
ah
didn't I hear you recently got an air?
yeah, for some value of recently
lol. How's it been treating you?				        
it's pretty great
actually the only thing that bothers me is the SSD is only 256GB
and I just know I'll fill it up in no time
that's what she said
I'm using 86GB already, and I basically haven't copied anything
over from the old machine				        
lol. that's impressive					        
but I'm thinking I'll get a SATA enclosure and use my old hard
drive as an external					        
I think I'm going to do that, too				        
my friend recommended owc enclosures very highly.		        
fox: !							        
robbs!							        
hows are you?
congrats on your new MBP!				        
Thanks! I'm like, overly excited!				        
How are you?
aside from the hard drive size, I'm really happy with my air.
. The SSD is really fast (although I admit I sort of expected it to
be like instant), and the physical side can't be beat; I got the
15" and it's light and sturdy enough to lift up with one hand to
show someone something like it's no big deal. The battery life is
phenominal and unless I'm doing sonething CPU or graphics intensive
it's completely silent.  I'd like a matte
that's what she said
screen, audio in, and more USB ports, but I'm considering not
getting an MBP more and more.
I'm good
the ruby meetup is happening next week, you should come join us!

I may just do that!
StrmSrfr: I didn't know it was on the radar (an MBP)
I was saving up to get the mac daddy of MBP's, but when my power
supply finally kicked the bucket and they wouldn't replace it I
gotthe MBA to tide me over.				        
got ya							        
I think my next computer will be an air
or one of these new "ultrabook" things			        
but that's a ways off
also with the intention to hand it down to my mom, who's currently
using my 900MHz iBook :/
900 million cycles? that's incredible			        
amazingly that iBook is still kicking, but the OS is way too old
and can't really be upgraded (ppc), and I don't think my mom could
handle linux						        
lol
My mom totally rocked ubuntu for a few months. It's possible :P
I think it will be ten years old next summer
A whole decade?						        
I dunno, my coworker uses gnome and when he has problems I'
flummoxed, also remember the iBook only has one mouse button
Hm. That's true.						        
It's from 2003 so yeah.
On a wholly different note: Starwars the old(e) republic(ke) is pretty
fantastic.						        
if I knew more about gnome it might be workable, but I don't want
to use gnome myself and I don't know if I could teach my mom to use
a less normal wm
that's what she said
she's a smart lady but she doesn't grok computers	        
Yeah. I totally get it.
and I don't grok gnome; I doubt anyone does		        
have you gnome 3ed? It's pretty nice.			        
StrmSrfr: saint joseph's baby aspirin			        
lol, the first comment:
http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/142390/im-going-to-quit-my-job-because-of-our-platform-how-can-i-leave-a-productive-e

fox: is that the iphoney one?
crm: Bartles & Jaymes, why do you bring it up?	        
StrmSrfr: You might could say that. It's the macish one, I think.

I remembered it today					        
fox: not really					        
Am I the only one on SO?
I'm on it.
I've used it						        
never accountwise, though
*** undefined (~undefine@localhost) has quit: Ping timeout	        
I've had this problem a few times, where someone asks something
like "How do I use regular expressions to perform task X?" and my
opinion is, well, you shouldn't-- Ping timeout!?
and my opinion is, well, you shouldn't use regular expressions for
that, here's how to do it right, but it feels like it isn't really
answering their question, because they specifically asked how to do
it using regular expressions, so I'd feel like a jerk submitting
such an answer.  Thoughts?				        
*** undefined (~undefine@localhost) has joined channel #optacular
Hm. Maybe if you knew the direct answer, you could tell them, but then
advise them that regex is a write only language and here's how I'd do it
instead							        
that's what she said
but supposing I don't want to figure out how to do this using a
regular expression
that does present a problem :P				        
I'm all about the "you can do it like this, but you should really
do it like this" answers, but leaving out the first part seems
cheap.  Maybe there's a good reason they want to use regular
expressions, or maybe they need to learn to write better questions.

that's what she said
You could always ask for clarification. Ask what the problem *actually*
is.							        
hmm, a third option
I feel like if anyone says a really long line, it's something that she's
said							        
crm: as statement length approaches infinity, probability that she
said part of it approaches one.  Do you have a recommmendation for
improvement?						        
regex usually isn't the answer
she speaks in long sentences?				        
she says a lot						        
I'm guessing that given a wall of text, if she said any of it,
"that's what she said"
fox, how's the iOS programming going? is that why you got the new
computer?						        
oh man, I should get "the new iPad" "for iOS programming"    
robbs: yeah. It was going terribly, and I sold the iMac to my brother -
he needed it for editing					        
but then I had an Idea. And I'm going to try it.
can you share? or not yet?
Hm. Not yet. I want to flesh it out a bit more.		        
an Idea!
yeah!							        
so, uh, Y U GUISE NO HACK ON MUM			        
i'm not very good at rouge-lieks			        
no one's very good at roguelikes				        
StrmSrfr: how's parenscript?				        
robbs: I think it *will* be great, but the library providing CL
functions is too sparse last I checked.  I have some patches I
should submit.					        
that's what she said
she should submit her patches too, then			        
undefined: I'll add another nine to your threshold; don't think I
won't!
that's what she said
When it
WAFFLE: lolwut?
scandalous wench!
fox: I tried gnome 3 at work for a bit			        
what did you think?
I think I missed the special parts because it just felt really normal
hahah, I see
*** undefined (~undefine@localhost) has quit: Client closed connection  
*** undefined (~undefine@localhost) has joined channel #optacular       
normal is good though!
so it was a good experience?
sure							        
a positive experience
I like the tiling thing though
I wish there was something that combines the tiling and usability
how about xmonad?						        
It's as usable as you make it, lol			        
crm et al.: we may be coming to visit c. April 15th.
tax day							        
indeed
dang, I've got plans on the 15th			        
how long will you be in town?
although apparently April 15th is a Sunday so it's probably not tax
day							        
business or pleasure?
pleasure
how long will you be staying?				        
do you have any fruits or vegetables with you?
robbs, crm: that kind of depends on you guys! There's a band Andrew
likes giving a show on the 15th, so we'll probably leave the 16th,
but we can basically come as early as you're willing to accomodate
for, assuming my boss is cool			        
I don't really have a place for you this time
neither do I, sadly
yeah, I figured you wouldn't, otherwise we probably would have hit
you up this or last weekend				        
so, we're going to have to pay up or sleep in the car?       
